Sam: Hello, hello.
michael curry: Hey, Sam, what's going on?
Sam: Not too much, not too much. How about yourself?
michael curry: Oh, the same, just, kind of getting ready for the, the holiday, here from California. Where are you in the world?
Sam: I'm in Canada, Ottawa specifically. Oh, okay, run on, yeah, good spot.
Sam: It's not too bad
Sam: Snow melted, so, you know, back to fall weather instead of middle of winter in November.
michael curry: Right? Yeah, as that goes, yeah, for sure.
Sam: I'm just gonna be muted right now, I have a 3D printer going in the background.
michael curry: No, no worries, go for it.
Sam: Seems like we're gonna have a pretty quiet today.
Sam: Pretty quiet day again today.
Sam: Considering the lack of agenda on the last couple of calls, I've been thinking of just moving to an on-demand meeting format.
Sam: I doubt anybody here is gonna object.
Sam: Alright, unless you guys want to talk about anything, I'm gonna call it here, and
Sam: We'll see you whenever the next meeting happens to be.
michael curry: Hey, Sam, just a quick one, because I'm a new person here for the group, so I was wondering if folks can point me in the right direction to figure out how to, start working with folks that are as interested as I am in the adoption of ERC681.
michael curry: and related proposals. I don't see anything that's clear to me inside Discord that's, like, a channel or a group for that, but I'm looking just for the, you know, the wisdom here from the folks on this call to be able to point me in the right direction, since I'm new to the group.
Sam: Honestly, the group used to be a lot more active, and it's died off in the past couple of months. I think most people are just kind of working heads down, and there hasn't been much to coordinate on.
Sam: As for looking for adoption.
Sam: Unfortunately, it's gonna be a lot of talking to contacts at individual wallets. There are quite a few in the Discord. I don't think…
Sam: People would be too upset if you added… if you acted them directly, just to see if you wanted to get their opinion on stuff.
Sam: That's about all I can suggest, really.
Sam: Cool. Are you in the Ethereum Wallet Nexus Telegram, by any chance?
michael curry: I don't think I am.
Sam: Okay, I cannot invite people to that, but I will…
Sam: Definitely try to make that happen. If you could just poke me on Discord to remind me, I will do that.
Sam: Brilliant. Yeah, really appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Sam: Yeah, no problem. Take care.
michael curry: Alright, later on, enjoy.